In a class lecture you learn how angular encapsulates your styles.
Now you can't override this encapsulations though if you go back to your code to the server element
component you can add something to the keyboard and decorator.
It's called encapsulation this property and there is a value you can access view encapsulation which
needs to be imported from an English course to make sure to add import and then you can choose between
three modes.
Emulator as the default.
So you don't need to add this non If you add this what make sure that if we have a look at our component
again and we inspect our server element that now in here we don't see these strange attributes being
added to our elements.
Therefore this component now does not use the new encapsulation.
The average components still will use it.
There you still see these attributes.
But if you now find any styles for this component in is yes as follow this component they will actually
get applied globally and I can demonstrate this by going into this C S S file and if I change the label
color and the label is in the cockpit not in this component to read Yanno you will see the label there
is overwritten.
Whilst this label of course still has its custom unique attribute it still has a label in the end.
And in this server element component we disable encapsulation.
So there are a selectors aren't changed by Engler.
They don't receive their unique selector therefore they are enforced.
They are used application wide also affecting average components might be the behavior you want.
Chances are that this is not the case but it's important to know that you can change this behavior.
Now besides on yours it could choose native and native users.
The shadow on technology.
This should give you the same result as before with emulated but only in browsers which supported which
is why for most cases you want to choose emulate it but be aware that you could switch to an on or native
here too.
So I will go back to emulate it which again you wouldn't have to add as a default anyways with that
our labels should no longer be read now.
So that is how you can change it and how you encapsulation works.
A nice tool ensuring that by default only your component receives the styles you defined for it.
But as you learned it can be overwritten